First of all, let me thank you for being willing to participate in this interview. In this study, we are trying to understand how the modeling/design process of mobile applications works in the context of smart cities. We are interviewing a range of software engineering teams, in order to uncover how this process works, what tools they use, what design decisions they make, what architectural styles and frameworks they adopt, what challenges exist in that domain, and so on.

The interview will last between 30 to 50 minutes and it is divided into three parts: quality attributes/non-functional requirements, aspects of mobile applications, and software architecture. By and large, we want to have a nice conversation with you about these topics.  Do you have any question before we start? 

Card 1: Quality Attributes/Non-Functional Requirements

1. What was your main role in the application?
2. Could you talk about the software development team members of the project? 
3. How long did this project last?
4. Where did the idea of the app come from? Did you think about the smart city context initially? 
5. How were the requirements defined? Was there any documentation? 
6. Did you analyze the main challenges of the project from a development perspective? If so, how did you mitigate them?
7. Could you cite any problem encountered and how did you solve it?
8. [Show a list of quality attributes, and ask the following questions for each one:]
	a. Why <performance> was/was not crucial;  
	b. How did you deal with <performance> issues?; 
	c. How was it specified? How was it modeled in the architecture? How was it implemented? What aspects of testing were applied to ensure <performance>? 

Card 2: Software Architecture

9. How was the system architecture designed? Was it based on other architecture/frameworks?
10. Have you participated in any design decision in Architecture? If so, do you remember any design decision your team made? why?
11. How were the quality attributes mapped in the architecture? How were they modeled? [Give examples]
12. Has any architectural pattern been adopted? [Give examples]
13. Has any architectural style been adopted? [Give examples]

Card 3: Mobile Development

14. What were the main challenges faced in the development of the mobile application?
15. What development approach (native, hybrid) was used to develop the application? Why? 
16. Have you used any framework during design/development phase? Which ones?
17. What smartphone features (GPS, camera, audio) does the application use and how? How did it impact the architecture?
18. Have you thought about maximizing battery life and managing these resources? How?
19. Has any test method for mobile applications been used? 

Any final thoughts? Thank you for your time. 
